docs: add disable instructions (#1319)
elastic/apm-agent-java: docs/troubleshooting.asciidoc

[[trouble-shooting-incorrect-manual-jar-file]]
==== Failed to find Premain-Class manifest attribute ====

If you are using a manual setup with a `-javaagent` flag against an application server and are seeing the
`Failed to find Premain-Class manifest attribute` error and a failure to start, then you might be pointing
at the incorrect jar file.

The correct jar file to be pointing at should be in the form of `elastic-apm-agent-<version>.jar` and
further information about how to download this file can be found <<setup-javaagent, in the manual setup instructions.>>

[float]
[[disable-agent]]
=== Disable the Agent

In the unlikely event the agent causes disruptions to a production application,
you can disable the agent while you troubleshoot.

Using <<configuration-dynamic,dynamic configuration>>,
you can disable the recording of events by setting <<config-recording,`recording`>> to `false`.

If that doesn't work, you can completely disable the agent by setting
<<config-enabled,`enabled`>> to `false`.

> You'll need to restart your application for the changes to take effect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You'll need to restart your application for this change to take effect.
```

Author: 👋 🙏
